[3.2] docs(dialogs): Revamped Dialog Overview (#823)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/dialog/overview.md

The Dialog is a modal popup that brings information to the user. It provides actions through its action buttons to prompt the user for input or to ask for a decision. The component can also contain more complex UI elements that require the attention of the user. The main difference from the Window modal is the functionality for actions and predefined dialogs.

## Creating Blazor Dialog

1. Add the `TelerikDialog` tag to a Razor file.

2. Set the `Visible` parameter to a `bool` object. It supports one-way and two-way binding.

3. Set the `Title` property to a `string` object.

> 4. Define the `DialogContent` inside the `TelerikDialog` tag.

Reviewer: It's not clear if this is a parameter, a child tag, or can be both.

```suggestion
4. Define the `DialogContent` inside the `TelerikDialog` tag.
```

Reviewer 2: both - maybe "Set the dialog content through the `DialogContent` RenderFragment parameter" will be explanatory

}
````

## Predefined Dialogs

> Predefined Dialogs are styled substitutes to the standard confirm, alert and prompt dialogs. They are separate from the main Dialog component. [Read more about the Blazor Predefined Dialogs]({%slug dialog-predefined%}).

Reviewer: What do you want to say with "They are separate from the main Dialog component." - what should the reader do or learn from this information?

```suggestion
Predefined Dialogs are styled substitutes to the standard browser dialogs - confirm, alert and prompt. They are separate from the main Dialog component. [Read more about the Blazor Predefined Dialogs]({%slug dialog-predefined%}).
```

## Header

> The Dialog provides header customization. [Read more about the Dialog Header]({%slug dialog-header%}).

Reviewer: Briefly mention something valuable here, for example the developer can customize the title and toggle the close button.

```suggestion
The Dialog provides header customization. [Read more about the Dialog Header]({%slug dialog-header%}).
```

## Action Buttons

> The Dialog provides options for rendering action buttons and customizing their text. [Read more about the Dialog Action Buttons]({%slug dialog-action-buttons%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dialog provides options for rendering action buttons and customizing their text and layout. [Read more about the Dialog Action Buttons]({%slug dialog-action-buttons%}).
```

## Events

> The Blazor Dialog fires visible change events that you can handle and further customize its behavior. [Read more about the Blazor Dialog events]({%slug dialog-events%}).

Reviewer: Do not use code as plain text, as it makes the sentence hard to understand.

```suggestion
The Blazor Dialog fires a `VisibleChanged` event to customize the application behavior and respond to user actions. [Read more about the Blazor Dialog events]({%slug dialog-events%}).
```

## Dialog Parameters

The Blazor Dialog provides various parameters to configure the component. Also check the [Dialog public API](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikDialog).

<style>
    article style + table {
        table-layout: auto;
        word-break: normal;
    }
</style>
| Parameter | Type and Default Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `ButtonsLayout` | `DialogButtonsLayout` enum <br /> (`Stretched`) | Defines the layout of the actions button in the footer. See more in the [Action Buttons article]({%slug  dialog-action-buttons%})). |
| `Class` | `string` | Renders a custom CSS class to the `<div class="k-window k-dialog">` element. |

> | `CloseOnOverlayClick` | `bool` | Defines whether clicking on the modal overlay should close the Dialog. |

Reviewer: "whether" is more correct, but native speakers say the "if" is OK too. And will make the description shorter.

```suggestion
| `CloseOnOverlayClick` | `bool` | Defines if clicking on the modal overlay should close the Dialog. |
```

| `FocusedElementSelector` | `string` | Defines the CSS selector of the initially focused item on open. By default, it is the first focusable item in the dialog. |

> | `Height` | `string` | Defines the height of the Dialog. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Height` | `string` | Sets the height of the Dialog. |
```

> | `ShowCloseButton` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines the close behavior of the component - whether the component should render close flat button in the titlebar. See more in the [Header article]({%slug  dialog-header%}). |

Reviewer: "close behavior" means something different

```suggestion
| `ShowCloseButton` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines if the component should render a Close button in the titlebar. See more in the [Header article]({%slug  dialog-header%}). |
```

> | `Title` | `string` | Defines the Dialog title. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Title` | `string` | Sets the Dialog title. |
```

> | `Visible` | `bool` | Defines the Dialog visibility. |

Reviewer: Visibility and rendering are different things. Which one is it?

```suggestion
| `Visible` | `bool` | Defines the Dialog visibility. |
```

> | `Width` | `string` | Defines the width of the Dialog. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Width` | `string` | Sets the width of the Dialog. |
```
